Initial attempt at combining tutorials and codelabs (#4875)
dart-lang/site-www: src/_tutorials/index.md

description: Tutorials for writing Dart apps.
---

Welcome to the Dart tutorials! 
These teach you how to use the Dart
language, libraries, and tools build applications.

## Language

> If you like learning via coding exercises 
> checkout the [Dart koans](/codelabs/dart-cheatsheet).
> For a more textual introduction see the 
> [language intro](/language). 
> The Language menu on the left also has tutorials
> on more detailed topics, and tutorials written
> for those with existing knowledge of other programming languages.

Reviewer: **issue:** Need to add commas to the dependent clauses.
```suggestion
If you like learning via coding exercises, 
check out the [Dart koans](/codelabs/dart-cheatsheet).
To get an in-depth explanation, see the 
[language intro](/language). 
The Language menu also includes tutorials on more
detailed topics and for those with existing knowledge
of other programming languages.
```

## Libraries

> The Libraries menu contains tutorials on the Dart core libraries,
> including collections, math, asynchronous programming, and I/O.

Reviewer: **issue:** We don't need to describe the TOC. We can link to it.
```suggestion
Libraries contains tutorials on the Dart core libraries,
including collections, math, asynchronous programming, and I/O.
```
